hello everybody today let's see how
make a vase of using one
plastic bottle
I will use the same technique used
for this video that I leave on
as an ashtray rises with a latina
start right away
I make a hole and follow the edge of the
my label to cut say the
as accurate as possible straight and time to
new label and that's what
we get now I have to cut the lines
verticals that are all of the same
thickness
and I do an inch and a half
as you can see I'm helping you with one with
a team with a ruler goes also goes
well but fine
I made my first wide tongue
one centimeter and a half 8 centimeters long
and now I do the same thing precisely
for the whole edge of my bottle
now that I have cut my stripes there is
a more or less straight but do flip
the bottle is at the end
forming a so we say a sun and I go
to crush well a little we would always have
pressed and crushes well I also help
precisely by raising the various strips
this is what you have to get
good but from April the first language is the
fold in this way making it pass
above the two strips to his
right and then the photo step in the catch
photo in this way the folded I have
skipped two strips and I did it
pass under the third the same thing
I do with that next jump two
Stripes
was passed under
in this way
same thing with the one after i go to
pass it by skipping only one
strip and from here, however, only knows the
same passed under and fold remember
to bend well and to joke e
I continue like this until I finish the tour ed
here the final result did not come to me
perfect but still enough
nice I put myself on facebook anyway
also a photo with the summary of the
steps to follow to have then
precisely this effect
now I'm going to color it using
of cans
as you can see I also applied the
lace using simple
vinyl glue to block the ends
or colored with a large can
lines my bottle and now i go with
of the spray glue to cover the part
upper then pour into the micro
flakes like these have an ice effect
this is the final result I wear
as always the photos of the object you
eliminated and used in this case vi
I always invite my page now
facebook to stay days anyway
maybe even exchange opinions or
however also some photos on yours
projects
I greet you and thank you for having seen
this video that I hope as always there
be useful to the next hello